Ha ha ha.
Let's go.
How is the army?
What if your family doesn't support me?
Say the support of the absurd
Based on your military resources alone, your current strength is basically unable to retake the Egret International.
Don't worry, even without the support of the family.
I can get Egret back myself.
Mr. Cheng Hi, the young Li family was kicked out.
This time representing the Li family will definitely be expected by everyone.
Peak of success.
That's right.
Ta Ngo Chu royal willing to support Duke Cheng Hi
I Qi Chu Xiao family also willing to support Mr. Cheng Hi ha ha, thank you for your love.
I, Li Chengxi, will never live up to your trust.
Huh?
Haru didn't say.
That's my strength.
It's a shame you didn't see it.
You didn't say why you're here?
You didn't say.
Why are you here?
Why can't I care
Li Bayan, you were originally from the army.
You are over a thousand people.
But now your family's property is gone.
You're not an asshole.
Now you're still skeptical about the Pantheon high-speed rail, right?
Now you're everyone's mistake.
If I were you, I'd be a man with a tight tail.
Now you still can't judge yourself to participate in this exhibition.
Don't you find yourself funny?